DOCS-3371 SCALE 22.12 Update First Time Login Article (#1603)
truenas/documentation: content/_includes/Jobs.md

---
---

> The **Jobs** <span class="material-icons">assignment</span> icon button displays all running and failed jobs/processes. Minimized jobs/processes can be accessed here.

Reviewer: suggest more active voice present tense structure
```suggestion
The **Jobs** <span class="material-icons">assignment</span> icon button displays all running and failed jobs/processes. Access minimized jobs/processes here.
```

![JobsMenu](/images/SCALE/JobsMenu.png "TrueNAS SCALE Task Manager")

> Click on a running task to display the dialog window for that running task.

Reviewer: we moved away from using window in reference to a dialog so suggest the following
```suggestion
Click on a running task to display a dialog for that running task.
```
